this is the most expensive bed in the
world it's called the Grand vividus and
it goes up to a million dollars
depending on the size you get oh yeah
and it's also the bed that Drake uses
okay so there's three parts to this the
base the mattress the topper and inside
of them there's basically just many many
layers of cotton wool Springs and then
in between all of it loads of horse hair
yes I said HSE hair because this company
has decided that HSE hair is the best
material to both Wick away moisture but
also act as tiny little springs that all
create this supportive structure so in a
sense there are very literally millions
of Springs in this bed it takes 600
hours to make this there's only 15
people in the world who can actually do
it and they went absolutely nutty with
the material this right here is stingray
leather this can apparently completely
remove sleeping noises it can give you
the perfect sleeping posture and
apparently allow you to feel awake for
the first time in your life so let's try
it 3 2
1 feel like I've been given a 360 degree
hug this is absolutely bizarre but it
feels like I'm both sinking and floating
at the same time